>> Kyle Simpson: All right, let's take
a look at the solution to part one of this
exercise.
Again, the task was to
implement the filter object and
reduce object utilities
alongside of map object.
So we're going to take
the same general approach,
which is that we're definitely
going to be producing a new object.
And we need to know the list of the keys.
So we're gonna say Object.keys
of the passed in o.
We are gonna loop over all,
>> Kyle Simpson: for (let key of keys).
We're gonna loop over all of those
properties in our passed in o.
And we're going to pass them
to a predicate function.
So if the predicate function
with the value o[key].
If that returns true, then we want for
our new object to include that value and
at that key position.
So we wanna say newObj[key] = o[key].
And then after we've finished that loop,
we know whatever is the contents of
new object, we can simply return.
>> Kyle Simpson: We're gonna take
a not terribly dissimilar approach
with reduce object.
Except here,
because we're reducing agnostically,
we don't even know what we're reducing to.
But we're just gonna end up taking in an
initial value and returning that result.
So I'll start out my result
equal to the initialValue.
And then I'm going to run
through all of the keys in
this object just exactly
like we did before.
So I'll say var keys = Object.keys(o).
We're going to run through
all of those keys.
And for each value in our object,
we're gonna call the reducer function and
get back the result.
So for (let key of keys).
And then we're going to say result =,
calling the reducer function
with the current result,
whatever our current accumulator is,
as well as the o[key].
And then we will return the result.
So the difference here, though, is that we
don't want to assume that we're gonna be
producing a new object the way we do
with our filter and our map utilities.
We just want to assume that whatever our
reducer function is returning to us,
that's the thing that we'll be returning.
Let's double-check to make sure that
this is going to work correctly.
I'm gonna copy some stuff over.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
then we will copy this stuff.
then because I'm using a curry here,
probably gonna need to implement that.
So just to run this,
just for our purposes.
>> Kyle Simpson: I'll say = (fn).
>> Kyle Simpson: Uh-oh, I didn't
implement the isOdd, of course not.
Okay, sorry about that,
I didn't copy it over.
>> Kyle Simpson: Got these
utilities down here.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
there's our 38886, okay?